hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so if you think about
it for thousands of years people have
verbally skipped along or passed down
through generations the art of skipping
stones and today it's my turn to do the
same and so when you throw it you hold
it on the side like this and then when
you throw it you spin it remember how
you didn't think you could skip and then
I taught you how but now you can right
are you good skipper do you think you
can do this okay here we go ready watch
three two one that work okay what just
happened yep yep
half off we're gonna have to wait a
little bit for you learn buddy
so obviously the shape is important you
want something wide and flat so now
we've got four variables the first one
is the velocity of the rod we want to
keep hit as fast as possible so kinetic
energy stays in the system the second
one is the angle of attack you want that
rock to be 20 degrees with respect to
the surface of the water scientists in
France determined that that is the
optimum angle at which a rock will keep
skipping so keep that at 20 degrees not
25 not 15 as best you can to 20 okay the
third one is the angle of impact of the
rock to the water you want to keep it as
low as possible so it will skim along
the surface because if you get much
higher than 45 it's impossible for it to
skip so you want to keep it down so
it'll skim and the last variable is the
rotational velocity you want to spin it
as fast as you can that way it acts like
a gyroscope and it doesn't dip down when
it new tates and dip into the water
because the angle of attack is all wrong
angle of attack 20 and all right it's
about eight my personal best is 12 so
that's pretty good you've done that a
time or two hadn't you you're living
right all right so I asked you guys to
send me postcards because I'm covering a
room in my house that we're adding on to
basically we closed a patio in and
several of you sent postcards and I'm
very very excited about it
to the point where I've got to show you
so I'm going to show you who all sent me
postcards ts Davis from Austin Texas
Sehwan Wells say one must be like 3 or 4
that's pretty awesome
Alberto from Spain my first one mister
comer sent me one I sold another one
from Spain
a fossil no way
oh it's right a fossil look at that I
found it a fossil very good see if you
can skip it I've never skipped a fossil
one two fossils are not good at it Luke
sit one from London he's not in London
though Paris from Canada Dory sent me a
fractal from California Roman his wife
and two cats sent me this one he walks
there Diego from Maryland Michael sent
me an Einstein Jake from Port Townsend
this one's from Seattle I love it it
says hi smarter every day I like your
videos this is John he's got a daughter
named Sadie say hey hey Gus keep rocks
you're supposed to be learning has he
brought Oh max sent me a Jablonski
diagram
Jablonsky Dubrowski book hey getting wet
no nope go skip rocks
don't throw big ones do you understand
okay this is about far my favorite
Sequoia National Park California however
this is from 1939 how do you all found a
stack of these in a box after my dad
passed away I've been watching your
channel since you gave your dad a
chicken for Father's Day thank you I
really appreciate that Andy I will not
put a staple through this I promise
Logan from Pensacola Axl from the
Netherlands Mary Elizabeth from New York
that's pretty awesome this is a gator
from Ty Hasan from Atlanta cliff and
Lilly sent me a really big postcard from
Nebraska Nathan says hey this is ketchup
from Southern California and she says
here's to your postcard wall so this is
Jonathan he went to Peru after he saw
them a call video Claire from Boston
she's from her Chicago originally she
sent two and she gets the award for the
most beautiful handwriting it's insanity
it's very very good
this is javi stepping down the sewer
pretty awesome okay James from Minnesota
are you near like wobegon Cal or Kail I
don't know how to say it excuse me from
Sweden
hey stop he made this himself it's kind
of similar to what we're doing right now
that's pretty cool
he made it at cards in the post com
that's pretty smart so if you don't have
a post card you make your own and this
is from Beaumont he's in the UK it's
pretty cool hey I'm making a video
you're supposed to be skipping rocks
there's a test later this is Jack or
jock from Paris that's a pretty one
very nice he said some very nice things
on the back I'm going to staple them up
here but clearly we have nowhere near
enough postcards so please send me more
I'll leave the address in the video
description as long as these dresses
there I still need postcards and I've
got to cover this whole room we need two
more kids card I do not want paint it
there so if you want to see how I'm
doing on the postcard project check out
the second channel funder everyday I'll
keep it up to date with info thank you
very much for your support means a lot I
appreciate it
have a good one